Update varint processing to correctly handle multiple byte registry IDs. (#97)
digitalbazaar/cborld: CHANGELOG.md

# @digitalbazaar/cborld ChangeLog

> ## 7.2.0 - 2024-10-dd

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 7.1.3 - 2024-10-dd
```

### Fixed
- Fix varint processing when registry IDs require multiple bytes.

> 
> ### Changed
> - **BREAKING**: When a registry entry is used that requires more
>   than one byte, the payload is now a two element tagged array
>   containing a bytestring and the encoded JSON-LD document
>   instead of a sequence containing a tagged bytestring and
>   the encoded document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix bug with registry IDs that are expressed using varints larger than
  1 byte in size. This would break any previous use of this, but that
  previous use is invalid and non-interoperable. When a registry entry is
  used that requires more than one byte, the payload is now appropriately
  a two element tagged array containing a bytestring and the encoded
  JSON-LD document instead of a sequence containing a tagged
  bytestring and the encoded document.
```
